feat: rename to aspera SDK (#47)
IBM/aspera-sdk-js: docs/DEVELOPMENT.md

> # IBM Aspera TypeScript SDK

Reviewer: Should it be TypeScript or JavaScript here?

> Enables web applications to utilize Aspera file-transfer capabilities using IBM Aspera via JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This JavaScript SDK enables web applications to utilize Aspera file-transfer capabilities via the IBM Aspera App for Desktop.
```
